This is the default SYSTEM help member.

These commands are valid on any panel.

Primary Commands:
*---------------*

Builtin:
*------*
ACTIONS   Move cursor to the action bar, or the next entry if already on the action bar.
          ACTIONS x gets pulldown with mnemonic x.
DISCARD   Discard the screen updates and refresh from the previous output
FIELDEXC  Execute the file-level command (if the cursor is on the field) defined in the panel )FIELD section
RESIZE    Expand a pop-up to full screen (and toggles back)
RETF      Forward retrieve.
RETP      Show the retrieve stack screen.
RETRIEVE  Retrieve next entry from the retrieve stack
          RETRIEVE n retrieves nth entry.
SPLIT     Split the screen
SWAP      Swap logical screen
          NEXT | PREV | screen-number | p q | screen-name
          Extensions:
           p q
           p - switch active to screen-name | screen-number | '*'
           q - switch alternate to screen-name | screen-number | '*'
              for active, '*' keeps the current active screen and only switches the alternate screen
              for alternate, '*' switches current active to alternate
           SWAP can also be initiated with the SWAP Character and the ENTER key if the option is enabled.
           (SWAP Char must be the first non-blank character, and the cursor must remain on the command field.  Only
            characters up to, but not including the cursor position, are taken into account)
           LISTN - show logical sessions when switching to next screen
           LISTP - show logical sessions when switching to previous screen
           NOTE: SWAP LISTN and SWAP LISTP only work when assigned to a control key between 'a' and 'z'
SWAP LIST Show the Active Logical Sessions screen (the ESC key does the same)
!nnn xx   Execute program nnn with parameter xx (application defaults are NEWAPPL, NEWPOOL)
@nnn xx   Execute oorexx  nnn with parameter xx (application defaults are NEWAPPL, NEWPOOL)


System:
*-----*
.ABEND   Abend the current application
.AUTO    Auto-update screen every 1second.  Press ESC to interrupt.
.ENQ     Display enqueued resources.  Output goes to the application log.
.HIDE    NULLS. Display field nulls as spaces.
.INFO    Display current application information to the Application Log
.JOBS    Same as .TASKS
.LOAD    Load all applications not already loaded.
.RELOAD  ALL | NEW | modname.  Reload application if not in use.
.RGB     List RGB values of the in-use colours to the lspf log.
.SCALE
.SHELL   Suspends NCURSES and invokes the shell specified in the SHELL environment variable (if set)
.SHOW    NULLS. Display field nulls as dots.
.SNAP    Snap all loaded SHARED and PROFILE pool variables to the application log.
.STATS   Write table and pool statistics to the application log.
.TASKS   Show background tasks - ouput goes to the lspf log.
.TEST    Put application into test mode
         :: Read messages from disk every time
         :: Set testMode to true


Command Table Entries:
*--------------------*
SYSTEM
*----*
CTRL     List/modify global control key actions
DSLIST   Show a file list
         Without parms, shows the Personal File Lists screen where you can select an entry
         With a Personal File List, shows the list of files contained in that list (partial name allowed)
         With a file path, shows the entries for the path
         Anything invalid shows the home directory
         The file name can contain a valid regex, '*' or '?' with the option to expand the generic.
KEYLIST  Change/create keylist settings (displays active or default table keylists)
KEYLISTS Change/create keylist settings (displays all keylist tables)
KEYS     Change pfkey settings
ALOG     Display the Application Log
LOG      Display the lspf Log
ISPLIBD  Show LIBDEF status
NRETRIEV Retrieve next entry from the active (or specified) referral list
         NRETRIEV
         NRETRIEV pos list   eg. NRETRIEV  4 MINE   get the 4th entry from list 'MINE'
         NRETRIEV list pos   eg. NRETRIEV  LSPF 6   get the 6th entry from list 'LSPF'
         The list parameter can be a generic in which case the first one matching
         in alphabetically ascending order will be used.
RECENT   ALIAS for DSLIST REFLIST
REFACTF  List the active referral list (accepts a list as parameter - can be generic)
REFLISTF List the reference list
REFOPENF Open a list of all referral lists

USER
*--*
BR     No parameters - shows the view entry screen
       Valid file name - goes straight to browse
       Full or partial reflist entry - goes into browse on that entry (or file list if a directory)
       Invalid - issues message PBRO011O
CMDS   List of commands (USER, APPLICATION and SYSTEM command tables)
CUA    View/change cua attribute settings
DIR    Shows file list (same as opt 3.4)
ED     No parameters - shows the edit entry screen (performs edit recovery actions)
       Valid file name - goes straight to edit
       Full or partial reflist entry - goes into edit on that entry (or file list if a directory)
       Invalid - issues message PEDT013H
EXEC   Execute OOREXX EXEC from the command line (similar to @ command character)
FLIST  Display saved file names and execute line command
LS     Alias of DIR - Shows file list (same as opt 3.4)
MODS   List found application modules (Dynamically Loaded Classes) and their status
RUN    Run application (similar to ! command character)
PATHS  Display scrollable list of Path Searches and LIBDEF status
TASKS  Display a simple task list
TODO   Display a simple TODO list
VARS   List of SHARED and PROFILE pool variables


Keylists:
=========
As currently implemented, keylists override keys defined in the traditional way.  Leaving a keylist entry blank
will cause the normal key definition to be used.  This is diffent from real ISPF where keylists replace all the
definitions.  In this way, only certain keys need to be defined for a panel keylist, eg. RFIND in EDIT where
it has no other use outside of this panel.  Other keys will remain as before.


Keys:
=====
Tab key displays the next pull-down menu, when one is already displayed.  If a pull-down is not displayed,
the tab key invokes field execution when on a field that supports it, and is not on the first character and
there is a non-blank before the cursor position. This allows file name completion using the tab key.

If on the first character, blank before the cursor, or for other fields, it acts as a normal tab.

The ESC key does the following:
 a) Terminates .AUTO mode if active.
 b) Removes a pull-down if one is displayed
 c) Removes the Active Logical Sessions display.
 d) Removes the Command Retrieve Panel (RETP) display.
 e) Interrupts a busy program (status X-Busy) and displays the Program Interrupt Options screen
 f) Displays Active Logical Sessions display if none of the above.

Keyboard control keys are supported and can be customised in option 0.9 (command CTRL).
These are global definitions stored in the system profile, not local profile definitions, unlike PFKEYS.
